Throughout the course this is what you will see most of the time.
Jay Espen dot com.
It's a great website which allows you to if you just check javascript and Konsole up your rived javascript
code on the left.
Then if you lock something in a console and he'd run you'll see it show up on the right and I will use
this format throughout the course since it allows me to really focus on individual topics and show how
to work and quickly play around with them without having to mess around with HTML.
And changing something in on the HMO page which you then would not see and so on.
So really I will come back to using HDMI out and actually showing something on the page but most of
the time I would just stick to javascript on the console now.
And if you rightfully say well my application won't just lock things to the console while it isn't really
that hard a step from logging into the console to altering something in your age.
Tim document.
And indeed in the final project of course you will of course do that.
So this is the format I will use most of the time and it should allow me to really give you a lot of
tiny examples which should allow you to quickly understand all the new things being added with iOS 6